# Lesson 3-4: Zombie Attack Cont.

## Coroutines Exercises
We are continuing the Zombie Attack mini-game and we will specifically work on Coroutines. For more information on Coroutines refer to Lesson 2-9.


### Continuous Spawning
---

Right now, we only call the zombies to spawn at the beginning of the game, so they never spawn after the first frame. In order to have them spawn after, we will use a coroutine to repeat the process while waiting in-between.

Go into the ZombieSpawner script and add a new method called IEnumerator ZombieSpawnRepeater(). Inside, add a WaitForSeconds, that will randomly wait for some time, and then call the SpawnZombie() method. After that, to make it repeat, add StartCoroutine(ZombieSpawnRepeater()) to the end of the function (basically calling itself again). Finally, replace the SpawnZombie() in the Start() method with the StartCoroutine(ZombieSpawnRepeater()).

### Reloading
---

For our player, we want to have some automatic reloading system in place when the ammo count is 0. Go into FireProjectile script.

First, inside the Update() method, first check if the ammoCount is 0. If it is, then start the Reloading() coroutine. Go down to the Reloading() coroutine. We will split the reloading into two parts: before and after the yield return. In the before step, change the ammoText to say "Reloading...". In the after step, change the ammoCount to the maxAmmo and change ammoText to the current amount. Last thing is to change the 0 in the WaitForSeconds() to be reloadTime to allow for some time to pass while reloading.

