# Lesson 3-6: Collect-a-thon Cont
We are continuing the Collect-a-thon mini-game and we will specifically work on iteration exercises.

### What you will use, **Iteration**!
--- 
For most simple cases, you will only need to worry about iterating through lists or arrays, so we will only be looking at for and foreach loops. Refer to lesson 1-10 for more information about **for** and **foreach** loops.

`For` loops allow you to specify how many times you can execute the loop, based on a starting condition.
```csharp
    //Standard For Loop
    //starts from 0, runs till 10, increasing by 1
    //Intial Integer, Condition, Increment
    for (int i = 0; i < 10; i++)
    {
        Console.WriteLine(i);
    }
```
`Foreach` loops gets each value inside some collection variable.
```csharp
    //Standard For Each Loop
    List<int> primes = new List<int> { 2,9,23 };    
    foreach (int element in primes)
    {
        Console.WriteLine(element);
    }
```
## Predefined vs Randomize Item Location
---
At the start of the game, we will want some items placed in some exact spot while others are randomize. To do this we will use a for loop, which will tell us which index the item is in. 

Go inside the **CollectathonGameManager** and go to the **Start()** method. 
* Create a **for** loop where: The *intial* integer **i** value is equal to 0, The *condition* checking is **i** less than **levelItems.Length**, The *increment* statement is **i++**.
   
  * Then, inside the body of the loop, call the **PlaceLocation()** method with the first parameter being **i** and the second parameter being the gameObject stored inside **levelItems** at position or index **i**.
  
    *Note*: **levelItems** contains **InvItem** and not **gameObject**, so you will need to add **.gameObject** after getting the value. 

After that, test that it works and add your own predefined locations to the predefinedLocation variable in the inspector.

## Inventory Listing
---
When we press the **I** key, it will bring up a list of items in the inventory and wether they are active. To do this we will use a **foreach** loop to get every item and display its information.

Go into the **InventoryScript** and then into the **UpdateInventory()** method. Inside here, we will be adding the **foreach** loop underneath the **DeleteOldItems()**. Start off by creating **foreach** loop which gets every **InvItem item** inside **inventory**. Then, inside the body of the loop, add these lines:

* A variable GameObject called **invText** and set it to the instantiate of the **textPrefab**.
* Set the parent of **invText** to the **content.transform** variable (remember to use the **SetParent()** method).
* Get the **TextMeshProUGUI** component in **invText** and then change the text to be the **invName** of **item**.
    
When you click play now, you should now be able to see all the items in the inventory.