# Lesson 4-6 Exercise
**Have your "Level 1" scene opened up.**

In this Excersie you will be learning how to transfer from one scene to another and use `DontDestroyOnLoad()` to transfer the score of your player gameObject during the rebuilding of levels.

## Exercise 4.6.1
---
Create a new C# script called `PlayerInfo`.

In the `Start()` method, add `DontDestroyOnLoad(this.gameObject)`. This will allow the gameObject to persist across levels.

For now, we will carry over the player score between levels, so start by adding a new private int variable called `playerScore`. Then add two method:

* `public void UpdateScore(int newScore)`, which will update the `playerScore` to the new score. This will happen when the `OnScoreChange` event is called from the other player script.
* `public void SetScore(ScoreController player)`, which will change the player score in the `player` to the `playerScore` (just call the `ChangeScore()` method on `player`, as the score is always set to zero at the start of the level).

## Exercise 4.6.2
---
In order to carry over information, we will want to find the player in every new scene and update their score to be the carried over score.

First, add `using UnityEngine.SceneManagement;` to your `PlayerInfo` script, as we will be checking when the scene changes to apply the score to the new player.

Next, add this method: `public void OnLevelChange(Scene scene, LoadSceneMode mode)`. Inside do these steps:

* Find the current player in the scene (find the object that has a `ScoreController`) and set it to `var player`.

* Then call your `SetScore()` method while passing in the player.

Then add a `void OnEnable()` method and inside it, `addSceneManager.sceneLoaded += OnLevelChange;`.

Afterward, create a `void OnDisable()` method and just invert the step from the `OnEnable()` (i.e. `SceneManager.sceneLoaded -= OnLevelChange`).

This will allow the `PlayerInfo` script to react to changes to the scene automatically.

