# Lesson 4-7: 2D Platforming Game
## Improving Platforming Game
---
Over this module, you should have created a simple platforming game. Here are some things you can do to improve your game:

* Add a win condition

    * Get to an ending location: You can do this by adding an empty object with a 2D collider component and a script containing an `onCollisionEnter2D()` then an if statement checking if the player object enters then send them to the next level or end the game (use Application.Quit()).

    * Get a certain score: You can do this by adding in an empty gameObject with a script checking the players score with an if statement in the `Update()` method once it reaches that score end the game.

* Add a lose condition
  * Make falls: Create pits for the player to unintentionally fall in. Under the pit add a kill zone by creating an empty gameObject with 2D Box Collider. With a script checking if the player enters using `onCollisionEnter2D()` if so they lose the game.
  
  * Time-limit: Create a timer script that is constantly ticking down when the player starts the level. In the Update() function create an if statement checking if your timer float is at 0. If not use `Time.deltaTime` subtracting from the running timer variable. If else check using **nested if statements** if the player has enough coins or reached the end if so they win if not they lose the game.

* Add some more levels with different obstacles
  * Utilize `DontDestroyOnLoad()` function on the player object to be able to load them into your next platforming level.
  
  * Try creating moving platforms in some levels using 2D GameObjects rather then tile map tiles. Create a 2D object then attach a script onto them where in the `Update()` function you reassign this objects `transform.position` to itself plus whatever direction you want them to go (use **Vector3.left** or **Vector3.right**) * `Time.deltaTime` * Speed (can just be a float). Make sure you apply a 2D collider onto this object so the player can jump on it.
  
  * Create jump pads make use of the collider effectors specifically the `Area effector` apply it onto a gameObject that already has a 2D collider with the Effector Box Checked and the Trigger Box checked. This will create a launch pad for your player.
  
* Make enemies
    * Try out creating Simple enemies that run back and forth. Through creating a script editing the` Update()` function to take this objects `transform.position `and apply left and right vectors to it over some `Time.deltaTime` and speed (will just be a random float value). Then attach a `2dCollider` onto them with a script checking if a player collides with them if so reset the player to the beginning of the level.
* Add Powerups
  * Create a Power Ups! This is easy start by creating a 2D object applying a nice powerup sprite to the `sprite renderer` and a 2D Collider. Create a script that contains an `OnCollisionEnter()` function that is checking if the player enters this object if so Access the players script by using `GetComponent<T>()` and change their **speed** or **jump** or make them invunerable. Then `Destroy()` this gameobject. To make the powerup temporary add a `Coroutine` that starts when the `OnCollisionEnter()` is first run which just reverses what you changed in the OnCollisionEnter() function. 





  

