# Lesson 3-8: Final Project

Look through the Mini-games we worked through and choose one you want to improve.

## Suggestions:
---

### Guess the Number

While this mini game is simple there are always things you can do to improve! Some possible additions you could add are,
* Different difficulties 
  * You could implement this feature by in adding menu buttons that call functions to expand or limit the `Random.Range` of numbers. Expanding the numbers will make the game harder as there is more numbers in the pool to guess from. Limiting the numbers will make the game easier as there are less numbers for the player to choose from. 
  * You could also limit or extend time with the same buttons.  
* Skip Button
  * A feature that can speed up this mini game's pace is a skip number button. Adding this button and connecting it to a function that will reroll the random number will allow the player to speed through levels and try to obtain a higher score.

### Stay In the Zone

This minigame is quite bland so there are multiple directions that you can head in to improve it! 
* Survive the Zone
  * You could change the function of the zone by editing it's `OnTriggerEnter()` function to `Destroy()` the player after a certain amount of time. You can increase the speed and size of the zone in the `ZoneScript` by editing the zone's starting size and `RandomizeZoneLocation()` function
* Moving Platform Game 
  * Try Creating a survival game where the zone is not moving but there are multiple platforms moving around under you! You will be required to jump from platform to platform to stay in the zone as long as it gets smaller and smaller. Create more platforms by creating a **prefab** of the one already in the scene then change it's `speed`, `distance`, `starting` `position`, and `ending` `position` using the inspector.
  
### Zombie Attack!

The Zombie Attack minigame is a great minigame to improve as it already has a great foundation! 
* Add a way the player can lose  
  * To make the game more difficult try creating a way for the zombies to kill the player! You can do this by creating a new script on the player object, then add an `OnCollisionStay()` where you can check **if** a `zombie tag` has collided with you if so the player takes a small amount of damage (remember OnCollisionStay() runs every frame). In the `Update()` function you can check if your health is less than or equal to 0 if so **Destroy()** the player object.
  * Another way to make the player lose is have a timer running where if the player doesn't kill enough zombies by when the timer runs out they lose! Create a simple timer script, and add **integer** counter varible that is decremented whenever you kill a zombie which would be in the `ZombieScript`. When your timer is up check if the counter is at 0 or below if not the player loses.
*  Make the game more visually appealing 
   *  Since the game already has good functionality adding some unity asset store buildings, a skybox, and more spawners around the map will increase the visual aspect and pace of your game. Just make sure when you add your building to `rebake` the zombies so that they know the new obstacles.
    
### Collect-a-thon

The Collect-a-thon minigame has a great inventory system, so there are plenty of routes that you can head down to improve this game and make it more intresting.

* Combine with the Zombie Attack MiniGame
  * Since these games are quite similar using the same player you could combine both the Collect-a-thon and zombie minigames so that the player is forced to fight zombies while trying to obtain collectable objects.
* Add Scenary, 
  * Use the `terrian` tool and/or the unity asset store to flush out your map hiding the objects around corners forcing the  player to explore the map to be able to find all the objects. 
* Obstacle course with objects,  
  * Create a simple obstacle course placing items around hard to reach places. Make use of the movable platform script from the Stay in the zone mini game to make the game more interactive.
  
### Cannon Ball Mini Game

The Cannon Ball mini game brings in a fun controllable cannon that can be messed around with.

* Create a Tank! 
  * Add a level of user input to make the cannon move, this way you can control the position of the cannon and create a more intensive map! To do this edit the **Update()** function in the  `CannonControlScript` adding an **if statement** to check if the player clicks **W** or **A** if so edit the Cannon's `transform.position` to go in the direction of `Vector3.forward` multiplied by `Time.deltaTime` and a float **speed** variable. The camera will not move with the cannon intially so you might need to create a  camera follow Script and make the cannon it's target.
* Add more Blocks
  * This is a simple improvement but it doesn't make the game any less fun. Using the **prefab** of the blocks already in the prefabs folder drag out some more blocks to make your cannon ball launch through them! 